LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
src/fire2a/__init__.py
src/fire2a/_version.py
src/fire2a/adjacency.py
src/fire2a/agglomerative_clustering.py
src/fire2a/c2f_lookup_table_colors.py
src/fire2a/cell2fire.py
src/fire2a/clustering.py
src/fire2a/downstream_protection_value.py
src/fire2a/knapsack.py
src/fire2a/meteo.py
src/fire2a/processing_utils.py
src/fire2a/treatmentpreproccessing.py
src/fire2a/utils.py
src/fire2a/weathers.py
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Adolfo Matthei.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aerodromo Curacavi.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aerodromo Gral Bernardo Ohiggins.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aerodromo Maquehue.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aerodromo Rodelillo.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aerodromo Santo Domingo.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aerodromo Torquemada.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aerodromo de Futaleufu.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aerodromo de Quellon.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aeropuerto Araucania.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aeropuerto El Tepual.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Aeropuerto Pichoy.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Carriel Sur.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Catapilco.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Cerro San Francisco.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Corral.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/El Cardal.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Escuela Mirasol.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Estaciones.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Husares.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Lago Verde.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Las Lomas.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Liceo Agricola El Huerton.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Nueva Chaiten.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Palermo.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Panguipulli.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Pudahuel.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Puerto Varas.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Quilacahuin.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Quinta Normal.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Regimiento Victoria.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Rucatayo.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Santa Carla.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Termas de Chillan.csv
src/fire2a/DB_DMC/Villarrica.csv
src/fire2a/raster/__init__.py
src/fire2a/raster/gdal_calc_norm.py
src/fire2a/raster/gdal_calc_sum.py
src/fire2a/raster/raster.py
src/fire2a_lib.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/fire2a_lib.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/fire2a_lib.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/fire2a_lib.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/fire2a_lib.egg-info/requires.txt
src/fire2a_lib.egg-info/top_level.txt