LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
src/pydeployment/__init__.py
src/pydeployment/__main__.py
src/pydeployment/arg_parser.py
src/pydeployment/build.py
src/pydeployment/build_config.py
src/pydeployment/build_linux.py
src/pydeployment/build_macos.py
src/pydeployment/build_windows.py
src/pydeployment/logger.py
src/pydeployment.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/pydeployment.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/pydeployment.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/pydeployment.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/pydeployment.egg-info/requires.txt
src/pydeployment.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/pydeployment/linux/default.png
src/pydeployment/linux/license_appimagekit.txt
src/pydeployment/linux/appimagetool/appimagetool-aarch64.AppImage
src/pydeployment/linux/appimagetool/appimagetool-armhf.AppImage
src/pydeployment/linux/appimagetool/appimagetool-i686.AppImage
src/pydeployment/linux/appimagetool/appimagetool-x86_64.AppImage
src/pydeployment/linux/appimagetool/runtime-aarch64
src/pydeployment/linux/appimagetool/runtime-armhf
src/pydeployment/linux/appimagetool/runtime-i686
src/pydeployment/linux/appimagetool/runtime-x86_64
src/pydeployment/macos/default.icns
src/pydeployment/macos/entitlements.plist
src/pydeployment/windows/build.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/default.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/license_pynsist.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/NSISPortable.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/help.html
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/appicon.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/appicon_128.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/appicon_16.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/appicon_256.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/appicon_32.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/appicon_75.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/appinfo.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/installer.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/pac_installer_log.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/Launcher/Custom.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/AppInfo/Launcher/NSISPortable.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/DefaultData/settings/nsisconf.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/COPYING
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/NSIS.chm
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/NSIS.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/makensis.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/makensisw.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Bin/GenPat.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Bin/MakeLangId.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Bin/RegTool-x86.bin
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Bin/makensis.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Bin/zip2exe.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Bin/zlib1.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/EmbeddedLists.cpp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/EmbeddedLists.rc
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/EmbeddedLists.sln
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/EmbeddedLists.vcproj
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/resource.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/nsis_ansi/api.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/nsis_ansi/pluginapi.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/nsis_ansi/pluginapi.lib
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/nsis_unicode/api.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/nsis_unicode/nsis_tchar.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/nsis_unicode/pluginapi.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/EmbeddedLists/nsis_unicode/pluginapi.lib
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/big.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/classic-cross.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/classic.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/colorful.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/grey-cross.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/grey.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/modern.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/red-round.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/red.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/simple-round.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/simple-round2.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Checks/simple.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/nsis-r.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/nsis.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/nsis3-branding-r.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/nsis3-branding.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/nsis3-grey-right.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/nsis3-grey.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/nsis3-metro-right.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/nsis3-metro.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/nsis3-vintage-right.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/nsis3-vintage.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/orange-nsis.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/orange-r-nsis.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/orange-r.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/orange-uninstall-nsis.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/orange-uninstall-r-nsis.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/orange-uninstall-r.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/orange-uninstall.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/orange.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Header/win.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/arrow-install.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/arrow-uninstall.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/arrow2-install.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/arrow2-uninstall.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/box-install.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/box-uninstall.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/classic-install.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/classic-uninstall.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/llama-blue.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/llama-grey.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/modern-install-blue-full.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/modern-install-blue.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/modern-install-colorful.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/modern-install-full.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/modern-install.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/modern-uninstall-blue-full.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/modern-uninstall-blue.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/modern-uninstall-colorful.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/modern-uninstall-full.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/modern-uninstall.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/nsis-menu.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/nsis1-install.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/nsis1-uninstall.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/nsis3-install-alt.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/nsis3-install.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/nsis3-uninstall.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/orange-install-nsis.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/orange-install.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/orange-uninstall-nsis.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/orange-uninstall.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/pixel-install.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/pixel-uninstall.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/win-install.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Icons/win-uninstall.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/arrow.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/llama.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/nsis.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/nsis3-branding.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/nsis3-grey.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/nsis3-metro.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/nsis3-vintage.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/nullsoft.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/orange-nsis.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/orange-uninstall-nsis.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/orange-uninstall.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/orange.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Graphics/Wizard/win.bmp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/afxres.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/api.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/build_msvc.cmd
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/crt.cpp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/inetc.cpp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/inetc.rc
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/inetc.sln
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/inetc.vcxproj
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/inetc.vcxproj.filters
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/nsis_tchar.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/pluginapi.c
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/pluginapi.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Inetc/resource.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Afrikaans.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Afrikaans.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Albanian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Albanian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Amharic.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Amharic.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Arabic.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Arabic.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Armenian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Armenian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Asturian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Asturian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Basque.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Basque.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Belarusian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Belarusian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Bengali.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Bengali.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Bosnian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Bosnian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Breton.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Breton.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Bulgarian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Bulgarian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Burmese.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Burmese.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Catalan.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Catalan.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Cibemba.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Cibemba.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Corsican.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Corsican.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Croatian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Croatian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Czech.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Czech.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Danish.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Danish.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Dutch.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Dutch.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Efik.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Efik.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/English.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/English.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/EnglishGB.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/EnglishGB.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Esperanto.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Esperanto.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Estonian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Estonian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Farsi.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Farsi.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Filipino.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Filipino.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Finnish.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Finnish.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/French.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/French.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Galician.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Galician.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Georgian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Georgian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/German.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/German.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Greek.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Greek.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Hebrew.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Hebrew.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Hindi.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Hindi.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Hungarian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Hungarian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Icelandic.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Icelandic.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Igbo.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Igbo.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Indonesian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Indonesian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Irish.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Irish.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Italian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Italian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Japanese.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Japanese.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Khmer.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Khmer.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Korean.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Korean.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Kurdish.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Kurdish.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Latvian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Latvian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Lithuanian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Lithuanian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Luxembourgish.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Luxembourgish.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Macedonian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Macedonian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Malagasy.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Malagasy.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Malay.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Malay.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Marathi.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Marathi.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Mongolian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Mongolian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Norwegian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Norwegian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/NorwegianNynorsk.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/NorwegianNynorsk.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Pashto.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Pashto.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Polish.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Polish.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Portuguese.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Portuguese.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/PortugueseBR.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/PortugueseBR.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Punjabi.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Punjabi.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Romanian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Romanian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Russian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Russian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/ScotsGaelic.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/ScotsGaelic.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Serbian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Serbian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/SerbianLatin.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/SerbianLatin.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Sesotho.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Sesotho.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/SimpChinese.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/SimpChinese.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Slovak.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Slovak.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Slovenian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Slovenian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Spanish.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Spanish.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/SpanishInternational.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/SpanishInternational.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Sundanese.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Sundanese.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Swahili.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Swahili.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Swedish.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Swedish.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Tamil.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Tamil.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Tatar.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Tatar.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Thai.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Thai.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/TradChinese.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/TradChinese.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Turkish.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Turkish.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Twi.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Twi.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Ukrainian.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Ukrainian.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Urdu.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Urdu.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Uyghur.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Uyghur.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Uzbek.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Uzbek.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Vietnamese.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Vietnamese.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Welsh.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Welsh.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Yoruba.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Yoruba.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Zulu.nlf
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Language files/Zulu.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI/System.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI/ioSpecial.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Deprecated.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Interface.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Localization.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/MUI2.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/Components.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/Directory.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/Finish.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/Finish__BIG.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/Finish__ORIGINAL.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/InstallFiles.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/License.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/StartMenu.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/UninstallConfirm.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/Welcome.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/Welcome__BIG.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/Welcome__ORIGINAL.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/switch_to_big.bat
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/Modern UI 2/Pages/switch_to_original.bat
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/resource.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/selfdel.c
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/selfdel.dsp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/selfdel.dsw
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/selfdel.rc
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/selfdel.sln
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/selfdel.vcxproj
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/selfdel.vcxproj.filters
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/nsis_ansi/api.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/nsis_ansi/pluginapi.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/nsis_ansi/pluginapi.lib
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/nsis_unicode/api.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/nsis_unicode/nsis_tchar.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/nsis_unicode/pluginapi.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/SelfDel/nsis_unicode/pluginapi.lib
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/default.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern__BIG.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern__original.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern_headerbmp.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern_headerbmp__BIG.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern_headerbmp__ORIGINAL.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern_headerbmpr.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern_headerbmpr__BIG.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern_headerbmpr__ORIGINAL.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern_nodesc.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/modern_smalldesc.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/sdbarker_tiny.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/switch_to_big.bat
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/UIs/switch_to_original.bat
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/JSON.c
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/JSON.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/LinkedList.c
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/LinkedList.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/api.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/nsJSON.c
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/nsJSON.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/nsJSON.rc
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/nsJSON.sln
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/nsJSON.vcxproj
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/nsJSON.vcxproj.filters
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/nsis_tchar.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/pluginapi.c
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/pluginapi.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/resource.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/ConsoleApp/ConsoleApp.vcxproj
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/ConsoleApp/ConsoleApp.vcxproj.filters
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/ConsoleApp/main.c
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/ConsoleAppDotNet/App.config
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/ConsoleAppDotNet/ConsoleAppDotNet.csproj
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/ConsoleAppDotNet/Program.cs
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/nsJSON/ConsoleAppDotNet/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/zip2exe/Base.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/zip2exe/Classic.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Contrib/zip2exe/Modern.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/AdvSplash/advsplash.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Banner/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/BgImage/BgImage.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Dialer/Dialer.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/DialogsEx/dialogsEx.chm
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/EmbeddedLists/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/EnumINI/readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/ExecDos/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Inetc/Readme.htm
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Inetc/wiki.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/InstallOptions/Changelog.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/InstallOptions/Readme.html
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Math/Math.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI/Changelog.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI/License.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI/Readme.html
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI 2/License.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI 2/Readme.html
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI 2/images/closed.gif
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI 2/images/header.gif
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI 2/images/open.gif
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI 2/images/screen1.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI 2/images/screen2.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI/images/closed.gif
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI/images/header.gif
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI/images/open.gif
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI/images/screen1.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Modern UI/images/screen2.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/MoreInfo/MoreInfo_Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/MultiUser/Readme.html
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/NSISdl/License.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/NSISdl/ReadMe.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/NewAdvSplash/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/NewAdvSplash/newadvsplash.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/NewTextReplace/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/RealProgress/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Registry/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/Splash/splash.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/StartMenu/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/StrFunc/StrFunc.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/System/System.html
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/System/WhatsNew.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/VPatch/Readme.html
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/makensisw/License.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/makensisw/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/md5dll/readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/nsDialogs/Readme.html
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/nsExec/nsExec.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/nsJSON/Readme.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/nsisfilecheck/LICENSE.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Docs/nsisfilecheck/README.md
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/AppGen.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/FileFunc.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/FileFunc.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/FileFuncTest.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Library.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/LogicLib.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Memento.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/MultiUser.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/NSISMenu.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/StrFunc.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/TextFunc.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/TextFunc.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/TextFuncTest.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/UserVars.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/VersionInfo.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/WordFunc.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/WordFunc.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/WordFuncTest.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/bigtest.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/example1.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/example2.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/gfx.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/install-per-user.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/install-shared.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/languages.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/makensis.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/one-section.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/primes.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/rtest.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/silent.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/unicode.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/viewhtml.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/waplugin.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/AdvSplash/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Banner/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/BgImage/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/ClassicFolderBox-1.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/ClassicFolderBox-2.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/ClassicFolderBox-3.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/InputPwdBox-1.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/InputPwdBox-2.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/InputPwdBox-3.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/InputRegBox-1.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/InputRegBox-2.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/InputRegBox-3.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/InputTextBox-1.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/InputTextBox-2.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/InputTextBox-3.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/ModernFolderBox-1.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/ModernFolderBox-2.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/ModernFolderBox-3.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/OpenBox-1.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/OpenBox-2.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/OpenBox-3.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/OpenBox-4.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/SaveBox-1.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/SaveBox-2.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/DialogsEx/SaveBox-3.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_CheckBoxes.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_CheckBoxes.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_FullScreen.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_FullScreen.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_LabelEdit.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_LabelEdit.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_MultiColumn.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_MultiColumn.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_MultiColumnCheckBoxes.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_MultiColumnCheckBoxes.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_MultiColumnSort.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_MultiColumnSort.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_SingleSelect.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/ListView_SingleSelect.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/TreeView_Basic.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/TreeView_Basic.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/TreeView_CheckBoxes.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/TreeView_CheckBoxes.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/TreeView_LabelEdit.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/TreeView_LabelEdit.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/icon1.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EmbeddedLists/icon2.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EnumINI/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EnumINI/Example2.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/EnumINI/enumtest.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/Batch.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/Detailed.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/IsDone.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/Multi.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/ToFunc.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/ToStack.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/ToWindow.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/consApp.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/first.bat
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/listbox.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/ml_edit.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/ExecDos/second.bat
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/auth_dlg.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/ftp_auth.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/head.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/headers.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/headers.php
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/https.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/inetc.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/inetc_local.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/post.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/post.php
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/post_file.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/post_file.php
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/post_form.html
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/put.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/put.php
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/recursive.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/redirect.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/redirect.php
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/spr3.htm
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/spr4.htm
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/spr5.htm
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/spr6.htm
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/timeout.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/tostack.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Inetc/translate.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/InstallOptions/test.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/InstallOptions/test.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/InstallOptions/testimgs.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/InstallOptions/testimgs.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/InstallOptions/testlink.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/InstallOptions/testlink.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/InstallOptions/testnotify.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/InstallOptions/testnotify.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Math/math.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Math/mathtest.ini
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Math/mathtest.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Math/mathtest.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Modern UI/Basic.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Modern UI/HeaderBitmap.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Modern UI/MultiLanguage.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Modern UI/StartMenu.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Modern UI/WelcomeFinish.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/MoreInfo/TestApplicationScript.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/NewAdvSplash/AnimSplash.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/NewAdvSplash/BannerMUI.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/NewAdvSplash/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/NewAdvSplash/Version.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/NewAdvSplash/aist.gif
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/NewAdvSplash/catch.ver.gif
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/NewTextReplace/TextReplaceTest.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/exdll-vs2008.sln
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/exdll-vs2008.vcproj
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/exdll.c
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/exdll.dpr
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/exdll.dsp
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/exdll.dsw
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/exdll_with_unit.dpr
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/extdll.inc
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/nsis.pas
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/nsis/api.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/nsis/nsis_tchar.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/nsis/pluginapi-x86-ansi.lib
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/nsis/pluginapi-x86-unicode.lib
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Plugin/nsis/pluginapi.h
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/RealProgress/DetailProgress.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/RealProgress/FileProgress.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/RealProgress/GradualProgress.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/RealProgress/RealProgress DetailProgress.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/RealProgress/RealProgress GradualProgress.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Registry/RegistryTest.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/SelfDel/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/Splash/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/StartMenu/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/System/Resource.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/System/SysFunc.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/System/System.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/System/System.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/UserInfo/UserInfo.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/VPatch/example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/VPatch/newfile.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/VPatch/oldfile.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/VPatch/patch.pat
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsDialogs/InstallOptions.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsDialogs/example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsDialogs/timer.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsDialogs/welcome.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsExec/test.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/ConsoleExec.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Example.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/HttpWebRequest.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/MultiTree.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Quote.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Sort.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Syntax.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/UnicodeNSIS.nsi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Bin/ConsoleApp.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Bin/ConsoleAppDotNet.exe
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Bin/HttpWebRequest.php
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Example1.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Example1_Unicode.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Example1_Unicode_UTF16BE.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Example1_Unicode_UTF16LE.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Example1_Unicode_UTF8.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Example2.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Example3.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Example4.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Example5.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Preferences.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Examples/nsJSON/Input/Preferences2.json
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Colors.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/FileFunc.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/InstallOptions.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Integration.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/LangFile.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Library.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/LogicLib.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/MUI.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/MUI2.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Memento.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/MultiUser.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/NewTextReplace.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Registry.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Sections.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/StrFunc.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/TBProgress.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/TextFunc.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/TextReplace.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/UpgradeDLL.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Util.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/VB6RunTime.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/VPatchLib.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/WinCore.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/WinMessages.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/WinVer.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/WordFunc.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/dialogs.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/nsDialogs.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/x64.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Win/COM.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Win/Propkey.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Win/RestartManager.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Win/WinDef.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Win/WinError.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Win/WinNT.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Include/Win/WinUser.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/EmbeddedLists.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/Banner.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/BgImage.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/Dialer.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/DialogsA.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/ExecDos.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/FindProcDLL.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/INetC.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/InstallOptions.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/KillProc.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/KillProcDLL.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/LangDLL.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/Math.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/MoreInfo.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/StartMenu.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/System.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/TypeLib.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/UserInfo.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/VPatch.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/advsplash.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/filecheck.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/libDialogsA.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/newadvsplash.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/nsDialogs.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/nsExec.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/nsJSON.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/nsisdl.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/registry.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/splash.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/textreplace.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-ansi/w7tbp.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/Banner.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/BgImage.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/Dialer.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/DialogsW.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/EmbeddedLists.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/EnumINI.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/FindProcDLL.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/InstallOptions.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/KillProcDLL.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/LangDLL.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/Math.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/MoreInfo.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/RealProgress.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/SelfDel.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/StartMenu.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/System.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/TypeLib.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/UserInfo.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/VPatch.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/advsplash.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/dialogsEx.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/execDos.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/filecheck.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/inetc.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/libDialogsW.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/md5dll.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/newadvsplash.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/newtextreplace.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/nsDialogs.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/nsExec.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/nsJSON.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/nsisdl.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/registry.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/splash.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Plugins/x86-unicode/w7tbp.dll
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/bzip2-x86-ansi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/bzip2-x86-unicode
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/bzip2_solid-x86-ansi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/bzip2_solid-x86-unicode
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/lzma-x86-ansi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/lzma-x86-unicode
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/lzma_solid-x86-ansi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/lzma_solid-x86-unicode
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/uninst
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/zlib-x86-ansi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/zlib-x86-unicode
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/zlib_solid-x86-ansi
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/App/NSIS/Stubs/zlib_solid-x86-unicode
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/Other/Help/images/donation_button.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/Other/Help/images/favicon.ico
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/Other/Help/images/help_background_footer.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/Other/Help/images/help_background_header.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/Other/Help/images/help_logo_top.png
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/Other/Source/AppSource.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/Other/Source/License.txt
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/Other/Source/PortableApps.comInstallerCustom.nsh
src/pydeployment/windows/NSISPortable/Other/Source/Readme.txt
tests/test_arg_parser.py
tests/test_build.py
tests/test_build_config.py
tests/test_build_linux.py
tests/test_build_macos.py
tests/test_build_windows.py
tests/test_logger.py
tests/test_main.py
tests/test_utils.py